1-clients/README.md, before:

# Iglu clients

Iglu clients are used for interacting with Iglu server repos and for resolving schemas in embedded and remote Iglu schema repositories.

## Available clients

There are currently two Iglu client libraries available:

| **Repo server**           | **Description**                              | **Status**       |
|:--------------------------|:---------------------------------------------|:-----------------|
| [Objective-C client] [c1] | An Iglu client and resolver for Objective-C  | Beta             |
| [Scala client] [c2]       | An Iglu client and resolver for Scala (2.10) | Production-ready |

## Find out more

| **[Technical Docs] [techdocs]**     | **[Setup Guide] [setup]**     | **[Roadmap] [roadmap]**           | **[Contributing] [contributing]**           |
|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| [![i1] [techdocs-image]] [techdocs] | [![i2] [setup-image]] [setup] | [![i3] [roadmap-image]] [roadmap] | [![i4] [contributing-image]] [contributing] |

[c1]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/ObjC-client
[c2]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Scala-client

[techdocs-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/techdocs.png
[setup-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/setup.png
[roadmap-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/roadmap.png
[contributing-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/contributing.png

[techdocs]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Iglu-clients
[setup]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Setting-up-an-Iglu-client
[roadmap]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Product-roadmap
[contributing]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Contributing

Commit message:

Common: add Ruby client (close #230)

1-clients/README.md, after:

# Iglu clients

Iglu clients are used for interacting with Iglu server repos and for resolving schemas in embedded and remote Iglu schema repositories.

## Available clients

There are currently three Iglu client libraries available:

| **Repo server**           | **Description**                              | **Status**       |
|:--------------------------|:---------------------------------------------|:-----------------|
| [Objective-C client] [c1] | An Iglu client and resolver for Objective-C  | Beta             |
| [Scala client] [c2]       | An Iglu client and resolver for Scala (2.10) | Production-ready |
| [Ruby client] [c3]        | An Iglu client and resolver for Ruby         | Production-ready |

## Find out more

| **[Technical Docs] [techdocs]**     | **[Setup Guide] [setup]**     | **[Roadmap] [roadmap]**           | **[Contributing] [contributing]**           |
|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| [![i1] [techdocs-image]] [techdocs] | [![i2] [setup-image]] [setup] | [![i3] [roadmap-image]] [roadmap] | [![i4] [contributing-image]] [contributing] |

[c1]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/ObjC-client
[c2]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Scala-client
[c3]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Ruby-client

[techdocs-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/techdocs.png
[setup-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/setup.png
[roadmap-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/roadmap.png
[contributing-image]: https://d3i6fms1cm1j0i.cloudfront.net/github/images/contributing.png

[techdocs]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Iglu-clients
[setup]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Setting-up-an-Iglu-client
[roadmap]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Product-roadmap
[contributing]: https://github.com/snowplow/iglu/wiki/Contributing
